-9-1-1. What's your emergency?
-(siren wailing)
Let's get him out of here
before this thing blows!
Catch all-new episodes Mondays,
and check out
our other Fox programs--
Empire, The Resident,
and The Gifted.
We are going to show you
the dawn of a new age.
Only on Fox.
HOST (over radio): Hey, L.A.,
it's another scorcher here,
and you know
what that means--
earthquake weather.
TOUR GUIDE:
Mulholland Drive named
for William Mulholland,
the man who brought water to
-a thirsty desert.
-(horns honking)
HOST (over radio):
It'll be 98 downtown,
113 in the Valley.
-Three more fiesta combos!
-* Pressure...
HOST (over radio):
And in the Inland Empire,
a million degrees,
give or take.
-* Pressure...
-(sighs)
So keep cool, stay inside,
unless you're one of
the thousands
without power right now,
in which case,
have you thought about moving?
Think I picked the wrong week
to be trained.
Everything after this
will be a cakewalk.
Get the cones set up.
* Where the only thing you feel
are loaded guns *
-* In your face
-(horn blares)
* And you'll have to deal *
-Go, ass wipe!
-* With pressure...
(engine revving,
tires squealing)
-(people gasp)
-Seriously?
(engine revving)
(church bells chiming)
* You used to call me
-* Paranoid
-(whistling)
* Pressure
I said it's gonna be at least
24 hours, all right?
-(horn honking)
-Hey, and if you look
to your right,
there's a real L.A. douchebag!
(tires squealing)
Andy! You bastard!
-(cans clinking)
-* Now here you are
-* With your faith...
-Hey, guys, I need that order.
* You have no scars...
(overlapping chatter)
-(horn honks)
-MAN: Get out of the road!
Let me over, man!
-(horn honking)
-(screaming)
(people screaming)
Mikey, wait!
(people gasp)
(screaming)
(siren wailing)
* What do you know?
* All your life is Channel 13
* Sesame Street
-(horn blaring)
-* What does it mean?
(loud, overlapping
crowd chatter)
(dog barking)
Was I speeding, Officer?
Hell yeah, you were speeding,
and in a stolen car.
What? No, this is a rental.
-Yeah, sure it is.
-(car horn honking)
(honking continues)
Take me to jail... now.
* You're all alone,
pressure... *
Oh, God. Please.
* You'll have to answer
to your own *
* Pressure...
Excuse me. Do you know
if anyone famous lives here?
Ma'am, I'm going to ask you
to keep your distance.
But you don't know
what he did to me!
Actually, I'm getting a pretty
good idea. You're the one
who reported
this vehicle stolen?
Why?
* Nowhere to look
* But inside
* Where we all respond
to pressure... *
Oh, God, it burns.
I imagine it does.
(crowd chatter)
(man groans)
I got it.
(sighing)
I need ice.
(crowd murmuring)
* Pressure!
* I'm sure you'll have
some cosmic rationale *
* But here you are
with your faith *
* And your Peter Pan advice...
A DWP worker says the likely
cause was frayed cables.
Day like this,
they get overheated,
-start to smolder.
-Yeah, they do.
And with the buildup
of combustibles getting
trapped underground, when
that manhole cover got pulled...
Oxygen rushed in, and boom.
(laughs)
Yeah, boom.
* One, two, three, four,
pressure... *
Looking good, Sam.
You make that shine, Tanika.
Outstanding haircut, Martin.
You are cheery.
-Why shouldn't I be?
-I don't know.
Maybe 'cause you've been
like this for weeks,
and it's starting
to get on my nerves.
What's going on with you?
BUCK:
I got another DXA scan,
and guess who dropped
another half percent.
-What?
-A DXA scan measures
your body fat.
You can see your percentage
in every part of your body.
Oh, yeah? They measure
the fat in your head?
Ah, see, that would be funny,
but we're about a week away
from submissions being due for
the Hot Days, Smoldering Nights:
Men of the LAFD wall calendar,
and I'm already
at my goal weight,
so it seems like
my head is clearly
working perfectly.
Do you really need
to use that whole title?
You could just just say
"that idiotic, reductive,
"sexist calendar that insults
the dignity of this organization
and furthers the myth
that all firefighters are male."
Yeah, that's not any less words.
Hen, come on, it's for charity.
-No. Bobby, you, too?
-Well, why not?
They say a man is at his sexiest
when he reaches 50.
Is that what they say?
That's what they say?
CHIMNEY:
Okay, you're both wrong.
All right? You see,
I think sorority houses
all across
this great nation are ready
for a new Asian sex symbol.
-It's our time.
-I think it's great.
You know? I like that
you're both going up for it.
Oh, because you don't think
that we have a chance.
Whoa, did I say that?
I mean, sure, let's be real.
They are only picking one
candidate from each station.
Okay. That is a beautiful man.
Where's the lie?
And I like girls.
* What a man, what a man, what
a man, what a mighty good man *
* You got to say it
again now... *
Who the hell is that?
It's Eddie Diaz. New recruit.
Graduated top of his class
just this week.
Guys over at Station Six
were dying to have him,
but I convinced him to join us.
-What do we need him for? Um...
-(laughter)
He served multiple tours
in Afghanistan as an Army medic.
Guy's got a Silver Star.
It's not like
he's wet behind the ears.
Come on,
I'll introduce you to him.
He likes to be called
Eight Pack.
Wow. Silver Star.
Better drop some more
body fat there, butch.
-HEN: Hi.
-Hey.
BOBBY:
Eddie, this is Hen. Hen, Eddie.
EDDIE:
Nice to meet you.
I'm short-staffed today.
MAN (over phone):
It's not my fault
-you can't run your business.
-Look, I'm not saying
that it's your fault.
All right?
It's no one's fault.
-Actually, it's your fault.
-Okay, it is my fault.
-You know what?
I'm going on Yelp,
-But I did say...
-and trashing
your little tire shop.
-...Wednesday or Thursday.
Please do not do that, sir.
We rely on Yelp
for new business.
-Whatever. I'm going on Yelp
right now.
-I understand
that you are upset, and I'm
gonna do everything in my power
to make sure I have it for you
by the end of the day today
Damn right you will.
-Yes, sir.
-My car better be ready.
You have a good day.
Dick.
(screams)
EMPLOYEE:
Hector! Aw, geez.
Somebody help us!
(siren wailing)
So, Silver Star, huh?
Yeah.
You save a platoon
or something?
No, no, nothing like that.
Uh, just a convoy.
(siren wailing, horn blaring)
Eddie, uh, you heard about
the hot firefighter calendar?
-Sorry, the what?
-It's for charity.
(laughs)
-So is your full name "Eduardo"?
-No.
People ever call you "Diaz"?
Not if they want me to respond.
Something's got to give.
We got... we got Cap, Hen,
Chimney, Buck.
We can't just call you "Eddie."
Can't tell if he's being
serious or not.
I like to always operate
under the assumption
that nothing he says is serious.
EMPLOYEE:
The air nozzle
is embedded in his ass cheek.
I shut it off,
but I was afraid to move him.
Okay, Hector, can you hear me?
All right, hang in there, buddy.
All right,
let's get him on his side.
Maintain pressure on the wound.
On three. One, two, three.
-(screaming)
-Okay. Easy, easy.
It's a hundred pounds
per square inch of air
pumped through his entire body.
Breathing's shallow,
heart's racing.
Air's filled his stomach, his
chest, even behind his eyelids.
I'm more concerned
about the space
around his heart and lungs.
Okay, Eddie,
start a nasal cannula.
-Chimney, get him some morphine.
-I'm on it.
It's like trying to inject
a needle into stone.
EDDIE: The pressure's
pushing everything out.
I can't even get air
through the nostril.
Jugular venous distention,
tachycardia, hypotension,
diminished breath, we're looking
at tension pneumothorax.
The air pressure
is collapsing his organs.
We need to get in there
and drain the fluid.
Buck, I need you to get
a 14-gauge angiocath.
We need to start decompressing
the pleural cavity.
All right, all right.
-EDDIE: Want me to help?
-I got it.
Hang in there, Hector.
I'd go lower.
What? Um, no.
Second intercostal space.
Midclavicular line.
The chest wall is thinner
at the fifth intercostal
at the anterior axillary line.
There's a decreased chance
of injuring any vital organs.
I've-I've treated guys
with collapsed lungs in combat.
-Do it.
-Please.
Thank you.
Can you help me out
with the shirt?
(air escaping)
-(gasps)
-BOBBY: That's it, Hector.
Breathe, nice and slow.
(panting)
I mean, he swelled up.
How you doing, Hector?
(passing gas)
Pressure's got to go somewhere.
It always does.
(continues passing gas)
That was a good call, Eddie.
-Thanks, Cap.
-Nice job.
Yeah. Good call.
(siren wailing in distance)
(shower running)
(laughs softly)
-(screaming)
-Oh!
Maddie?
Damn it, Evan! Don't you knock?
Me? What-what are you
even doing here?
Well, I was in town, and I
wanted to see my little brother.
-Well, you did.
-Yeah.
(laughs)
I should probably...
-Okay.
-Okay, I'm gonna...
Uh-huh. Yep. Yep. Yeah.
(sighs)
BUCK: You think there
is any way we can unsee that?
Oh, come on.
I used to give you baths.
Yeah, when I was two.
Hey, how did you even
get in here?
I told the building manager
I was your sister.
And he just believed you.
Well, having boobs doesn't hurt.
How'd you know where I live?
Well, first,
I went to the address
the Christmas cards keep
coming from,
and the guy said you were here.
Wait. So you did get
those Christmas cards?
I'm sorry I haven't been
in touch much lately.
Three years, Maddie.
I haven't heard from you
in three years.
Yeah, I know.
And it's not what I wanted.
Where is Doug?
Don't know, don't care.
You left him?
Finally.
Geez, Madds.
Come on, what took you so long?
What can I say? Mom was right.
-Do they know?
-No one knows.
And please don't tell them
if they call.
I don't want anyone to know
that I'm here.
Kind of sounds like
you're hiding out.
No. More like laying low.
So what happened to you?
Because this place is nice,
and clean,
and you just cooked me food,
actual food.
Is there a shallot in here?
Yeah, my, uh... my boss at work
is like Guy Fieri.
He's been teaching me.
Uh, we have not made it
past breakfast, though.
And this is, uh--
let me show you--
this is my girlfriend's place.
I'm, uh... I'm looking after it
while she's out of town
for a couple months, but, uh,
she-she should be back soon.
-This is her.
-Aw.
How soon?
Uh, I'm not really sure.
Um, she was in Ireland,
and now she's in Italy.
Said she's looking to have
an Eat, Pray, Love experience.
Uh, to be honest, I don't
really know what that means.
But you're still together?
Yeah. I mean, I mean,
she said I should,
you know, do whatever I wanted
while she was away, but...
what I want is for her
to come back.
I like the me
that I am with her.
She's banging other guys.
-I mean, that's the "love" part
of her trip.
-Whoa!
(laughs) Come on.
So you did come all the way
from Pennsylvania to just
crap on my life?
That's a thing?
No, I'm sorry.
I'm just being protective.
-Okay.
-(laughs)
Anyway, uh, this is your
first time here in L.A.
Gonna see the sights,
hang around for a little bit?
I'm just passing through.
Listen, even if you are
just here for a few days,
uh, welcome to L.A.
It was getting pretty lonely
around here.
ATHENA:
That's right, Desna.
Show Uncle Daddy
who the real daddy is.
(laughs)
Ooh, I got to tweet that.
-What?
-Oh, oh.
Can we just watch the show?
That's your fourth tweet
this episode.
Mm-hmm. Me and my girls,
we always live-tweet Claws.
Mm-hmm. These are
your friends, huh?
Ah, my Twitter Claws
friends-friends.
-Huh.
-(chuckles)
-What?
-I've just never known anybody
who's so engaged
in the viewing experience.
(chuckles)
That's 'cause you've never been
out to the movies in Crenshaw.
Well, let's do that then.
Do what?
Let's go out into the world
as a couple.
(scoffs) Have you been
outside lately?
We are out in that world
all day.
I want to keep it
on the other side of that door
for a little while.
(sighs) Just enjoy this
while we can,
just the two of us.
(moans) No pressure.
Ooh, Niecy Nash should be
on Mount Rushmore.
Mm. (laughs)
* I don't know
what you've been told *
* But this here
is not your home *
* If you want some trouble
* You want some
* Come on in
and I'll take hold *
* These hands
will break your bones *
* If you want some trouble,
you... *
* When I see you
* I see, I see
* Blood in the water, ooh
* Run deep
-* Ooh...
-(panting)
(camera clicks)
You're in the wrong light, man.
Some of us don't need
lighting to look good.
(grunts)
Hey, Eddie, what'd you mean
by "the wrong light"?
The light in this room
is flat and blue.
Makes you look soft.
If you want to look lean
and muscles to pop,
you need warm side light.
I'll show you.
These are the ones I sent in
for the calendar.
CHIMNEY:
Whoa.
BUCK:
It's, uh, kind of cheating
submitting pictures by
a professional photographer.
(chuckles)
The photographer's 12.
She's my niece.
She's a master
at the iPhone filters.
-CHIMNEY: Your niece did this?
-EDDIE: Yeah.
You think she'd be willing to
take my submission pics for me?
I'm told I photograph
like a Asian Fabio.
-Sure she would, yeah. Yeah.
-Yeah?
BUCK:
Ah, you know, you really
shouldn't get his hopes up
like that.
(Buck grunts)
No offense, Chim.
No offense taken, Evan.
BUCK:
Yeah, come on.
What's your problem, man?
Okay. You.
You're my problem.
Your comfort level.
You're-you're not supposed
to just walk in here
like you've been here for years.
It's meant-meant to be
a getting-to-know-you period.
You're meant
to respect your elders.
You're not his elder, Buck.
Look, I in no way meant
to, uh, be too familiar
or step on anybody's toes.
I know you're going through
some personal stuff right now.
-What personal stuff?
-I know your girlfriend
recently broke up with you
and you're coming
to terms with that.
No, I'm not.
And she didn't break up with me.
Who told you that?
(grunting): 21.
I'm just saying I hear
you're a good guy, and...
I'm sorry you're going
through pain, but...
you don't need
to take it out on me
or-or be threatened by me.
We're on the same team.
Why would I be
threatened by you?
Exactly. There's no need to be.
We do the same thing.
I've just done it while people
are shooting at me is all.
We're not broken up.
All right.
(laughs)
Fire and Rescue. Hello.
CHARLIE (muffled):
I'm back here. Help me.
BUCK:
Some kind of militia nut?
CHARLIE (muffled):
I'm back...
BOBBY: Can't tell where
that voice is coming from.
CHARLIE (muffled):
Back here.
-Oh, thank God.
-Hey.
-What's your name, sir?
-Charlie.
All right, tell us
what happened, Charlie.
Damn grenade went off
while I was taking it apart.
Why are you taking apart
a grenade?
I was cleaning it.
I'm a collector.
No kidding.
You pulled the pin?
Oh, it ain't that kind
of grenade.
It's a 40-mike-mike.
A practice round
for an M203 grenade launcher.
I picked it up
at a flea market in Brea,
part of my 'Nam collection.
My screwdriver must have touched
the propelling charge. I...
All right, I see metal.
A lot of shrapnel.
Femoral artery has been nicked.
We got to get him
transported now.
(siren wailing)
I've got an adult male, age 65,
with a large piece of shrapnel
in his right thigh.
Femoral artery damage
with profuse bleeding,
ten minutes out.
Buck, I want you to travel
with him to the hospital,
keep him stable.
Copy that, Cap.
Hey. You got to learn
how to play nice.
It's one team, Buck.
Hey, Nash, am I gonna be
all right?
BOBBY:
My boys have got you.
But you might want
to consider switching
to collecting baseball cards
after this.
(siren wailing)
I guess you've seen
a lot of shrapnel wounds.
My share.
You ever seen a guy
with a length of rebar
stuck through his skull?
What are we
measuring here, Buck?
(Charlie groans)
Need to change those dressings.
They're soaking through.
Hang in there, Charlie.
Almost there.
I'm just saying,
working the streets of L.A.
is not exactly stress free.
May not be the same kind
of pressure
you have in a war zone, but...
Oh, come on. Hold on.
I thought you said
this was a practice round.
It is.
Uh, what-what-what's going on?
You see that cap?
Practice rounds have blue caps.
Gold caps are live.
Pull over!
JIM:
Yup. There she is.
BOBBY: He's got a live round
embedded in his thigh.
Uh, I thought this thing
already went off.
The launch grenade
has two components:
gunpowder which makes it travel
and an explosive charge
that makes it go boom.
Okay, so why didn't
this one go boom?
It's fitted
with a proximity fuse.
It's a little smart sensor
that tells the cap it's traveled
a safe enough distance
from the shooter to explode.
From his hand to his leg
probably wasn't far enough.
Well, we can't bring him inside
a hospital full of people,
not with that still
stuck inside him.
We called the military for help.
The military?
Uh, can't you do it?
You're the bomb squad.
You can't diffuse a grenade.
We need to find someone
who knows how
to pull that thing out of him
without setting it off.
They're sending someone up
from Pendleton.
Should be here within the hour.
He doesn't have an hour.
I can do it.
If he doesn't go
to surgery soon, he'll die.
You've done this before?
Well, none of the guys
I served with
were dumb enough to shoot
a live round in themselves,
but I'm familiar
with the ordnance.
I'm in.
You get that thing out of him,
put it in here
and get the hell away from it.
Let us deal with it.
Copy that.
See you inside.
All right, listen, Buck,
you don't have to do this.
You think I'm gonna let
the new guy have all the fun?
Besides, you wanted us to bond.
We might end up real close.
How you feeling there, Charlie?
Like a world-class idiot.
My wife, if she was still alive,
she'd be here now
saying, "I told you so."
Well, maybe she'll be able
to tell me in person
in about a minute.
Well, that conversation's
gonna have to wait.
Nobody's leaving
this life tonight.
Start the drip.
What branch did you say
you were in, Charlie?
I didn't. I always wanted
to be a Marine.
I tried to enlist during 'Nam,
but I was 4F, an enlarged heart.
So instead, I spent the last
40 years teaching seventh grade.
See there, Charlie?
Not all heroes
serve on the battlefield.
That's very kind of you
to say that.
You ready?
Yeah.
He's losing a lot of blood.
Keep pressure on it.
Not-not too much pressure.
-There it is.
-All right, so-so pull it out.
-Come on.
-I got to... be careful.
The sensor measures
the distance traveled
based on how many rotations
the shell made
after the launch.
The key is not to turn the shell
while we pull it out.
Okay, yeah, so don't turn it.
-(straining)
-You got this.
Gonna have to just...
a bit...
(groans)
Get the box.
(relieved breaths)
Let's get the robot in there.
You're badass under pressure,
brother.
Me?
Hell yeah.
You can have my back any day.
Yeah.
Or, you know, you could...
you could have mine.
(laughs)
Deal.
Nice work, fellas. I'm glad
you both made it out of there.
The guy's a professional, Cap.
I was never really worried.
-(sirens wailing)
-Cancel the robot.
You guys hungry?
So, what do you think?
I didn't want to overwhelm them
-with too many choices, so...
-Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Um, I think that it's, um,
a little...
overwhelming.
You think it's ridiculous.
No, no, I mean...
(sighs) Chim, I kind of think
the whole thing is ridiculous.
You don't think I have a shot.
The pictures are cool.
I-I just...
I don't have these answers
for you, Chim.
I'm not into beefcake calendars.
I know, I know.
Why is this so important to you?
Because growing up,
I never saw any heroes
who looked like me.
I can understand that.
I mean, not on TV,
not in movies.
We're always the computer geek
who hacks into the system
for the white guy
or the evil Tong drug lord.
Or the guy in the dry cleaners
in a fabric softener commercial.
I mean, you know, when a kid
thinks of a firefighter,
do they think of me?
Do they think of you?
Yeah, but I'm not taking
my shirt off for that calendar.
Yeah.
You know what?
(sighs)
Me, either.
Chim...
No, I don't know
what I was thinking.
I can't compete
with these guys.
Maybe ten years ago.
And that's only because
they'd be 12.
(siren wailing)
Hmm...
You just coming in
from somewhere?
I was just going somewhere.
Look, we can stop by your house
on the way so you can change.
We're gonna get
some Korean barbecue.
-Come on.
-(laughs) No, no.
I just got Thai food.
Hey, I would like to take you
out on a proper date.
Aw, that's sweet.
But you got to give me
fair warning
so I can get all done up
for you.
I've tried that many times,
but you always say
you want to stay in instead.
And we've only been out together
as a couple twice,
on our first two dates.
Well, I like when
it's just the two of us.
-It's romantic.
-It is.
Hey, who you hiding from?
It's been almost four months.
This just...
it feels serious to me.
It feels real.
You know? What?
All right, what-what is it?
What's going on?
I don't like being pressured.
Into going out for dinner?
I'm...
This is not the same
for you and me.
Like it's a black/white thing?
I don't...
-Are you crazy?
-All right.
For you, this is a sign
of you coming back to life
after a tragic loss.
It's a redemption.
For me,
it's more complicated than that.
Okay, how is this
not a redemption for you?
Because it's proof
you can love again,
you can trust again.
No one in my family
has ever gotten divorced.
I am the first failure.
Hey, divorce is not a failure.
What do you know about it?
Are you a woman?
Are you a black woman
who can't keep her man?
The stigma of that.
Now you want me
to go out on the town
like a peacock, showing you off
like nothing ever happened.
How's that gonna make me look?
Like a survivor.
-Like a tramp.
-Come on, Athena, that's crazy.
Nobody's gonna think that,
and even if they do, who cares?
Well, you have the luxury
of not caring.
I'm trying to do right by us.
How long are we supposed to
sneak around like this?
Because I'm not gonna be
satisfied with stolen kisses
and take-out containers.
I don't like
keeping us a secret.
It feels like lying.
You kept your secret
about your past
from everyone else for years.
Yeah, I did because
I was ashamed of myself,
and I still am.
Well, then, you of anyone
should understand
why I want to keep this quiet.
What are you ashamed of?
Are you ashamed of me?
No! But yes.
-Yeah?
-Yes!
I'm ashamed!
I'm ashamed of us.
I'm ashamed of you.
I'm ashamed of being happy.
I told you, it's complicated.
(scoffs)
Well, I'm sorry
it's so complicated.
Please leave.
SHAY:
What up, fam!
We got this savage young man
who is about to join the ranks
of Shay's Army of Mayhem.
Jessie has agreed to let us
cement his head
inside this microwave oven!
So random, so awesome!
We have the concrete.
(coughing)
-I need eye protection.
-Copy.
-(mixer whirring)
-(whooping)
* A loaded God complex,
cock it and pull it *
* We're going down, down
in an earlier round *
* And, sugar,
we're going down swinging... *
Breathing tube.
Don't bite it, bro.
No pressure, Jess.
Are you ready to join the ranks
of the legendary?
(muffled):
I don't know.
(laughing, whooping)
Yeah!
(sirens wailing)
Quick. They're in the back.
We put a tube in
so he could breathe.
I think the cement smushed it.
-What is it, a YouTube prank?
-Don't judge.
Followers equals cash.
-BOBBY: What's his name?
-MITCH: Jessie.
Jessie, this is Captain Nash,
LAFD. Can you hear me?
All right, he is totally
cut off in this thing.
Let's get some screwdrivers,
try to get this frame off.
(screwdriver whirring)
-What do you got, Hen?
-Pulse 120, BP 150/110.
-He's panicking.
-All right,
he's starting to choke.
HEN: Saliva's probably aspirated
through the breathing tube.
-Hold on one second.
-Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
-Relax.
-Calm down.
-Okay, calm down.
-Hey, hey!
-Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Let's go, let's go.
Come on.
All right, step.
Easy.
All right, watch his neck.
-His pulse is weak.
-I have no respiration.
Is there a plastic bag
in there or something?
Yeah, we put it on his head
before we poured the concrete.
Please don't let him die.
He's my best friend
since kindergarten.
-I can't get in there.
-BOBBY: Yeah, we had
30 minutes
to get him out of there.
Now we got 30 seconds.
No response to sternal rub.
Pulse is fading.
Still no respiration.
BOBBY: All right, Buck,
once we get this frame off,
you and I are gonna go
hammer and chisel on that block.
-All right.
-Starting compressions.
All right, got it.
All right, Buck,
I'm hammer, you're chisel.
Let's go.
I can do this.
All right.
(grunts)
Again.
-(cement cracking)
-All right.
-(coughing)
-HEN: Good job.
(exhales sharply)
-(coughing)
-All right...
Hold still, hold still.
Shay Reed here, fans.
And today's Shay-nanigan
is maybe
our most intense yet!
Are you filming this?
Yeah, bro. If we didn't film it,
it didn't happen.
You were just crying
like two minutes ago.
Yeah, two minutes ago,
he was gonna die.
Now he's gonna live
and be a legend.
Say hello, Shay's Army.
Hello, Shay's army.
Wait, what the... what the
hell, man? What are you do...
-Good-bye, Shay Army!
-SHAY: Dude!
Ah-ha-ha, I found it.
I swear, we need to put
GPS trackers
on everything that boy owns.
Oh, you made waffles...
for dinner?
What's wrong?
I-I don't know
what the rules are here.
Like, if this is something
we can discuss with each other.
Listen, whatever you have
to say to me
can't be as intense
as what I said to you.
Right?
I've been seeing someone
for the last few months.
Oh.
A firefighter.
-Uh-huh.
-No one else knows.
Not even Henrietta.
We've been keeping it
on the down-low
because we didn't know
what it was
or how long it was gonna last.
But now he wants
to tell the world.
And you don't?
No.
Okay.
But he started to push,
and I felt pressure,
so I pushed back hard.
Ooh. Ouch.
What? I've been on the receiving
end of your hard pushes.
And you care about him.
I can tell.
(laughs)
So where's the harm
in telling everybody?
I don't want to be embarrassed.
I mean, our divorce
was enough of a failure.
I can't go through that again.
Oh, I get it. Okay.
You don't want to invest 'cause
you're afraid of being hurt.
Which you might.
But what is
the other alternative?
Being alone?
Hmm. Maybe. It's safer.
You know, fear
trapped me
in a closet my whole life.
Embarrassment kept me
from admitting the truth to you
every day of our marriage.
It was eating me up inside.
Until I stopped trying
to control it, and stepped out.
Had faith and let it happen.
It was hard and sad,
but, baby, look at us now.
Hmm?
Our divorce wasn't
a failure, Athena.
We're still family, baby.
And listen, if this thing
doesn't work out
with this firefighter,
you'll move on.
In the meantime,
if he makes you happy,
then why not be happy?
You deserve it.
(chiming,
miniature siren wailing)
BUCK:
Okay, what about "G.I.?"
Like G.I. Joe. "Hey, G.I."
You know,
that's a great nickname.
Sounds like gastrointestinal.
Yeah, I don't think so.
BOBBY:
All right, everybody, listen up.
I've got an announcement
to make.
I just got off the phone with
the people from the calendar,
and they have made their choice.
Well, no hard feelings,
no matter who won.
That's good, Buck,
'cause they didn't pick you.
Well, it's obviously a fix.
No, congratulations anyway,
G.I.!
(chuckles)
They didn't pick him, either.
No? You?
-No.
-(celery crunching)
No way.
You got to be kidding me.
No. Congratulations, Chim.
Or should I say Mr. April?
-No way. Are you serious?
-BUCK: Chimney!
-You're a calendar boy, now.
-You serious?
Mr. April, buddy.
-30 days of Chimney.
-Congratulations.
-You did it.
-Thank you.
I hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
Hey. I'm sorry.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
All right.
What are you all looking at?
There's no more announcements.
-Pay up.
-(all groaning)
Wait a minute, wait a minute,
you knew?
Sir, first you two were
happy at the same time,
then you were both pissed off
at the same time.
-It wasn't hard to figure out.
-And, uh, you good with this?
Girl, I'm just mad at myself
for not fixing you up
in the first place.
(both laugh)
Staying for dinner?
I don't know. Are you cooking?
Yeah.
-Thank you.
-CHIMNEY: Hen.
So, uh, you want to tell me
how you managed this?
(scoffs) I think they've been
seeing each other for months.
Hen, you know
what I'm talking about.
I never submitted myself
for that calendar.
But I deleted
all those pictures.
How'd you get a hold of them?
I didn't use
any of those pictures.
Last year, the school bus
accident on the 710,
an AP photographer
got a photo of you
carrying a little girl
across the freeway.
That's what I sent in.
Not some picture of you
pretending to be
a big damn hero,
but an actual picture
of you being a damn hero.
Because that's
what you are, Chim.
And that's what
a hero looks like.
You.
-Mr. April. Yes!
-(claps)
(knuckles cracking)
(phone vibrating)
Laurie?
DOUG (over phone):
No. It's not your boss.
I'm in her office.
And evidently,
she's not your boss anymore
because you quit.
Where are you, Maddie?
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter
'cause we're done.
You don't get to decide
when we're done. I decide!
Tell me where you are!
Then I guess I'm gonna
have to come find you.
And you'd better hope that
when I do, I'm in a better mood.
(grunts)
(door opens, closes)
(keys jingle)
Leaving already?
Road ahead awaits.
I'm more concerned
with the road behind you.
Maddie, what really
happened with Doug?
Why are you running away
from him?
No. I'm not gonna bring
my little brother into this.
Standing in between you
and anyone who thinks
they can hurt you
is exactly where
I want to be standing.
Maddie, are you
in some kind of danger?
The stuff that Mom and Dad
hated about him,
that you picked up on
even as a teenager,
it all got worse.
Much worse
over the last year or so.
And when I threatened to leave,
he threatened to kill me.
(voice breaking):
And he meant it.
You know, when women
in abusive relationships
used to come into the hospital,
I got to be honest,
I would pass judgment.
Like, "Why don't you
just leave him?"
Now I get it.
It's like, you can't even
believe it's happening.
But you broke free.
And I'm proud of you.
But now is not the time
to be alone, all right?
So-so-so you...
you should stay here.
All right? I-I got...
I got plenty of room,
and-and, hey,
if Doug comes looking, then...
-I know a lot of cops.
-He won't.
He doesn't know you live here.
He doesn't know what you do.
It's a real benefit
to being married to somebody
who doesn't ask any questions.
Okay, well, that's perfect.
You can start over.
I can help you. I can help you
get a great nursing job
at one of the hospitals.
No.
I really miss helping people,
but I can't do that job
every day,
looking over my shoulder,
wondering who's walking
in the front door.
Okay. So you want to help people
but not deal with them
face-to-face.
Yeah.
I think I might have an idea.
MADDIE:
We all feel pressure,
but it's how we respond
that matters.
Being a 911 dispatcher will be
challenging and exhausting
and can take an emotional toll.
The people who call in
are scared,
in need,
and we are their lifeline.
But it can also be rewarding.
Calling us is probably the
scariest moment of their lives.
But if we do our jobs right
and help arrives in time
and we get a little lucky,
then maybe it doesn't have to be
the worst moment of their lives.
Sounds like a lot of pressure.
I don't know
if I'm up for that. You?
MADDIE: Pressure doesn't have
to break us down.
It can show us who we
really are. And that's good.
911 OPERATOR:
You're gonna be fine.
When did the pain start?
911. What is your emergency?
MADDIE: Because in the end,
it's always there.
-Help is on the way.
-MADDIE: The pressure.
And eventually,
it has to be released.
* Rock steady, baby
* That's what I feel now *
* Just call the song
exactly what it is *
(rumbling)
-(tires screeching)
-* Just move your hips
with a feeling *
* From side to side
* Sit yourself down
in your car *
* And take a ride
* While you're moving,
rock steady *
* Rock steady, baby
* Let's call this song
exactly what it is *
* What it is, what it is,
what it is *
* It's a funky
and lowdown feeling... *
(horns honking,
car alarms blaring)
* In the hips
from left to right... *
DISPATCHER:
Attention, all units.
This is a citywide
disaster alert.
A massive earthquake
has hit Central L.A.
Be on emergency tac alert
until further notice.
I repeat, be on emergency
tac alert until further notice.
* Rock steady.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
You've answered the call
on 9-1-1.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
Buckle up, buttercup.
It's real, and it pulls
people together.
-* We're breaking waves
shooting star *
-(siren wailing)
* We live for glory
not forever *
MAN: Touchdown!
* Reach out *
* Make this right here
right now *
* Stand up *
* Here right now *
That sounds like fun.